# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
aiohttp                   3.9.5                    pypi_0    pypi
aiosignal                 1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
altair                    5.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
annotated-types           0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
anyio                     4.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
appdirs                   1.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
asgiref                   3.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
async-timeout             4.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
attrs                     23.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
backcall                  0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
backoff                   2.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
bcrypt                    4.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3                   pypi_0    pypi
blinker                   1.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
build                     1.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
ca-certificates           2024.3.11            haa95532_0
cachetools                5.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2024.6.2                 pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        3.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
chroma-hnswlib            0.7.3                    pypi_0    pypi
chromadb                  0.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
click                     8.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
cloudpickle               2.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
colorama                  0.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
coloredlogs               15.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
dataclasses-json          0.6.6                    pypi_0    pypi
datasets                  2.21.0                   pypi_0    pypi
decorator                 5.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
deprecated                1.2.14                   pypi_0    pypi
dill                      0.3.8                    pypi_0    pypi
dirtyjson                 1.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
distro                    1.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
dnspython                 2.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
docutils                  0.20.1                   pypi_0    pypi
eli5                      0.13.0                   pypi_0    pypi
email-validator           2.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
exceptiongroup            1.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
fastapi                   0.111.0                  pypi_0    pypi
fastapi-cli               0.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
flatbuffers               24.3.25                  pypi_0    pypi
frozenlist                1.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2024.6.0                 pypi_0    pypi
giskard                   1.9.4                    pypi_0    pypi
gitdb                     4.0.11                   pypi_0    pypi
gitpython                 3.1.43                   pypi_0    pypi
google-auth               2.29.0                   pypi_0    pypi
googleapis-common-protos  1.63.1                   pypi_0    pypi
graphlib-backport         1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
greenlet                  3.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
grpcio                    1.51.1                   pypi_0    pypi
grpcio-status             1.48.2                   pypi_0    pypi
h11                       0.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
httpcore                  1.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
httptools                 0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
httpx                     0.27.0                   pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.23.3                   pypi_0    pypi
humanfriendly             10.0                     pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.7                      pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        4.13.0                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-resources       6.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ipython                   7.34.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jedi                      0.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
jiter                     0.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jsonpatch                 1.33                     pypi_0    pypi
jsonpointer               2.4                      pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema                4.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1                pypi_0    pypi
kubernetes                29.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain                 0.2.14                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-community       0.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
langchain-core            0.2.33                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-experimental    0.0.60                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-ollama          0.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
langchain-openai          0.1.22                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-text-splitters  0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
langsmith                 0.1.99                   pypi_0    pypi
libffi                    3.4.4                hd77b12b_1
llama-index               0.10.44                  pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-agent-openai  0.2.7                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-cli           0.1.12                   pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-core          0.10.44                  pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-embeddings-openai 0.1.10                   pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-indices-managed-llama-cloud 0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-legacy        0.9.48                   pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-llms-openai   0.1.22                   pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-multi-modal-llms-openai 0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-program-openai 0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-question-gen-openai 0.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-readers-file  0.1.25                   pypi_0    pypi
llama-index-readers-llama-parse 0.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
llama-parse               0.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
llamaindex-py-client      0.1.19                   pypi_0    pypi
llvmlite                  0.41.1                   pypi_0    pypi
lockfile                  0.12.2                   pypi_0    pypi
lxml                      5.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown-it-py            3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
marshmallow               3.21.2                   pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
mdurl                     0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mixpanel                  4.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
mmh3                      4.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
monotonic                 1.6                      pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
multidict                 6.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
multiprocess              0.70.16                  pypi_0    pypi
mypy-extensions           1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
nest-asyncio              1.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
networkx                  3.1                      pypi_0    pypi
nltk                      3.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
numba                     0.58.0                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.21.6                   pypi_0    pypi
oauthlib                  3.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
ollama                    0.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
onnxruntime               1.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
openai                    1.42.0                   pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   3.0.13               h2bbff1b_2
opentelemetry-api         1.25.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common 1.25.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc 1.25.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-instrumentation 0.46b0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi 0.46b0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi 0.46b0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-proto       1.25.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-sdk         1.25.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions 0.46b0                   pypi_0    pypi
opentelemetry-util-http   0.46b0                   pypi_0    pypi
orjson                    3.10.3                   pypi_0    pypi
overrides                 7.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 23.2                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    1.5.3                    pypi_0    pypi
parso                     0.8.4                    pypi_0    pypi
pickleshare               0.7.5                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    10.3.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       24.0             py38haa95532_0
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10                   pypi_0    pypi
posthog                   3.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
prompt-toolkit            3.0.47                   pypi_0    pypi
protobuf                  3.20.3                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    5.9.8                    pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow                   16.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1                    0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1-modules            0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pydantic                  1.10.17                  pypi_0    pypi
pydantic-core             2.18.4                   pypi_0    pypi
pydeck                    0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pypdf                     4.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pypika                    0.48.9                   pypi_0    pypi
pyproject-hooks           1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyreadline3               3.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pysbd                     0.3.4                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.8.19               h1aa4202_0
python-daemon             2.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0              pypi_0    pypi
python-dotenv             1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
python-graphviz           0.20.3                   pypi_0    pypi
python-multipart          0.0.9                    pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2024.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
ragas                     0.1.15.dev5+gd5b60bb          pypi_0    pypi
referencing               0.35.1                   pypi_0    pypi
regex                     2024.5.15                pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.32.3                   pypi_0    pypi
requests-oauthlib         2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
requests-toolbelt         0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rich                      13.7.1                   pypi_0    pypi
rpds-py                   0.18.1                   pypi_0    pypi
rsa                       4.9                      pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.7.3                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                67.8.0                   pypi_0    pypi
shap                      0.41.0                   pypi_0    pypi
shellingham               1.5.4                    pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
slicer                    0.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
smmap                     5.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
sniffio                   1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.5                      pypi_0    pypi
sqlalchemy                2.0.30                   pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.45.3               h2bbff1b_0
starlette                 0.37.2                   pypi_0    pypi
streamlit                 1.35.0                   pypi_0    pypi
striprtf                  0.0.26                   pypi_0    pypi
sympy                     1.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tabulate                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tenacity                  8.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tiktoken                  0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tokenizers                0.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
toml                      0.10.2                   pypi_0    pypi
tomli                     2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
toolz                     0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tornado                   6.4                      pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.66.4                   pypi_0    pypi
traitlets                 5.14.3                   pypi_0    pypi
typer                     0.12.3                   pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
typing-inspect            0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2024.1                   pypi_0    pypi
ujson                     5.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   1.26.15                  pypi_0    pypi
uvicorn                   0.30.1                   pypi_0    pypi
vc                        14.2                 h2eaa2aa_1
vs2015_runtime            14.29.30133          h43f2093_3
watchdog                  4.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
watchfiles                0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
wcwidth                   0.2.13                   pypi_0    pypi
websocket-client          1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
websockets                12.0                     pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.43.0           py38haa95532_0
wrapt                     1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
xxhash                    3.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
yarl                      1.9.4                    pypi_0    pypi
zipp                      3.19.2                   pypi_0    pypi
zstandard                 0.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi